he again is something behind good afternoon I’m
from ukraine the city of khmelnitsky and where
exactly is millsky from where I’m from the
ugreen city of kamensky from the russian
city i’m from the krasnodar region to the city of novorossiisk
do you feel about the fact that the
ukrainian ukrainian army is
demilitarizing russian troops in ukraine
and we are shooting the cat of ukraine yes i
doubt that it is doing well how
to get back tell me briefly right away with
russia went out in my city the
military achieved goodness part we
have two parts  the airborne troops went and
the naval part of us they are
half staffed, that is, they
didn’t go to ukraine up to 150 thousand
as far as 200 in israel and why so few were
sent to ukraine that they all get
shameful run away from ukraine on the ground
run away well yes all the ponies ran away why the
zone  I liked this dream, this one of ours,
let's start before the Kharkiv region,
so Ukraine has already been liberated by rally, it has been
liberated during  yska themselves left
freed freed true no
freed concept extensible
video wait a minute I saw a video for example where is
your here not for now on ukraine
yante politically that ukraine didn’t particularly
interest me tell me why this is not
liberation here is the flight of Russian
troops why it is not from the snow of countries to the
flight flight  Yes, ours have already reached the
border of dance russia from the Belgorod
region,
why did
I watch a shorter report, it’s you there, a
soldier from the advanced warner in the spring, the ringing of
which whom gnar he said that well, the infantry
went there 50,000 people so
that we don’t have such a number of Ukrainians to
defend the new against  them and therefore
were forced to retreat why
why did Russia put so few people
that it was forced to retreat from the Ukrainian infantry
once put so few
people but I don’t know
where breeds are in mind on the
territory of Russia, what can he or she  and on the
territory of russia
if you enter the territory of russia it
will be a mobilization of a declaration of war
growing carpet
one witness carpet bombing
witness in order for carpet
bombing it is necessary that your pilots are not
afraid to fly into the zone of action of the
ukrainian will change and if the account is afraid to
fly in why missiles fly
carpet bombing is not  somewhere not there,
I ask, say they are afraid to fly in
from where they fly from somewhere from the
Caspian to something Caspian, but
how many of these far, far swamps
seem to work part of the work part
releases naturally it is similar to
how ours bomb Belgorod Crimea there until the
summer part  you shoot down part no
crimea crimea no
shot there were two shots coming
soon 1 2 3 type
to explain any kind wait let's
not call if you knocked out in the crimea
every day as you say why we
didn't evacuate people from there because we
live there go to work
bought and  because because
Ukraine, in contrast to  t your fascist
federation so it doesn’t bomb the civilian
population, we’ll fill a fan, but it drinks to us, it
hits military facilities in what
kind of fascism is spread or the Russian is knocked down and they hit the
military on civilians Fedor the
civilian world and this one in which
you announced that there is no military facility
in arbee's light and left maternity hospitals
yes there are
hospitals glasses for people and an abandoned
Zaporizhzhya from who bombs you can
Russians Russians the Russian army is
standing there and bada itself for that blow
in order to blame Ukraine for this of
course to blame in the same place the magate
sending a damn higher  I saw when the magate
told why such a trajectory was
because the rocket was coming from ukraine, but
before entering it, it turned around there
already with a bevel of
acid, it wasn’t we who didn’t mind
who tried to explain why
the rocket’s trajectory didn’t see such a
look, yes, watch the video you know
which portable where  Lucy Orestovich
said that
on May 9 we would dance a tavern in the Kremlin,
his task was to be able to  adachi orestovich and
lean on doing it absolutely right
absolutely right the task is
based on the task the task orestovich and allocating
panic violated that’s all the
memory for panic for panic
and here I was talking about the zucchini in stages
I’ll say yes because your
farts are undermined from this you see you
say  about orestovich and you think about
orestovich you
for example
orestovich orestovich he doesn’t work for
our audience it’s yours he throws
absolutely the right
massager at someone laughs of that
glasses I don’t know for example who is
nice I know and look and now
after you  from kharkov croaking we got the
star of dafan the kharkov region we
got to get slowly indira
sony yes yes that is eight thousand of your
heads this is
880 really 8080 you are in this from 80 to
800 if you get drunk konashenkov
listen to me like this for two years 200
voronkov punching I don’t care  as a type of
points it’s not a pro to trade about if
, after all,
800 there are 800000 you have already seen so many
infantry there  so you kill the arrival of russia not so much kill the infantry but still you don’t have enough look explain to me if you killed so many Ukrainian infantry so how can you not hold the front that you are running away from the infantry of the Ukrainian Kharkov we are escaping from the infantry we are only tarkas to the region and that’s all when you were kicked out, like the Kyiv region of Sumy, we moved away, this is my profitability, I’m glad to hear I have a Kent contractor, I have an hour he arrived on vacation, we went there without a fight and left without why we left, that’s why they gave the order about if not, wait for me logic so I create [ __ ] the army runs away, she just entered the city, walks around without a fight to get for the auto club will not perish then explanatory interesting.
why did the russian army do something goodwill gesture moved away from Kyiv sums of chernigov voluntarily sank their cruiser said specifically why they technically departed from there life good head yes why cruiser mode and we as a gesture of goodwill well why yes why snake from this island as a gesture of goodwill we are angry you can't change why why that's right so I say if you why we need it to shine if you read why we need to fight on it but also your territory among strategically for what what what but above words deed but this is a play didn’t fly to wrong why they were standing behind near Odessa it arose why recovery why don’t you want to control mine or look at the weather from there you ran away now you ran away ran and ran and ran if I see yes why can’t you son now now why look we have liberated the territory it is also allowed it can’t why and why do we need to stand there it beats all of us we went there  asking the Minister of Defense
just so awesome everything means they didn’t
run away, they moved away, maybe you have something
else, which on the island of the snake
was also
familiar with the doctor.
no, I’m just somehow very interested in a series of these same goodwill messages with the Kyiv Chernihiv and Sumy regions fled in the morning below this will, I agree the cruiser moscow drowned dived and in the morning they kicked out of the serpentine island and now they kicked out of the kharkiv region from the kherson region I’m already pressing it brought it out how to expel a gangster juicy if she was as she was and is, and where as it was, look, the villages are liberated to the right, well, for example, that I can enter the city at one o’clock, I’ll say this to the city two days before they dumped from the balakley that you said you would enter the city we’ll bring it in, I’ll put it in soon yours said how many days she is who else and the Ministry of Defense these are all yours I didn’t say more than 12 times that I didn’t get sick and condom so why look literally in a matter of days it was glue Kupyansk raisins how it happened and it didn’t work beyond the threshold, but it’s very, very possible, it’s very simple to explain why you have private military companies of which countries are now on the field, not
I know and I know why the commander is located on
our terra there is neither our side of Sochi
will become your station of the company is
yes no your moth-resistant
from your 120 Jews all sorts I will instruct
private sony companies you used to be
volunteers now you are coming to the
military to everything I understand that is
it turns out that you have stars and snow on the
gates and me who is at the edge, that is
, it turns out that we saw this for you, it’s
just not the Ukrainian army that gave it to foreign
birthdays, and it’s from our side that
all of your thousands of yours went there for
more than a million rubles, and it
turns out more than six months  you can
bring back yours keep the report of
someone it turns out look now we have already
returned the numerical superiority why
and why the Russians will adjust the numerical
superiority so that they don’t kill yours
here in the minority
any floor is not for me question of cherries
minister of defense now you say there you
you that is you  somehow interprets and when they
didn’t ask you because I
know that the army didn’t go  in full
force, we have an army of over
one and a half million people there, and
150 thousand plus a private war, the company went to
you, I don’t know how many people there are
concave honestly, I don’t know, that is, well, this is
how much arson is needed 50,000, I really
understand that Ukraine has troops  more yes, and
therefore she kicked out in the Kharkiv region, yes, I
didn’t do anything, but the truth, I say that this
war is, that is, there is a defeat, they
run and everything in the Kharkov region
is a rout before the Russian army was, I
think it’s a shame a shame on absolutely
because to [ __ ] the territory with
moreover, knowing for sure
10 days in advance, but I know that 10 days before all these events
they said that there would be a
counterattack on Kharkov, even in the
telegram channels of the bed, this is how they
leaked, I don’t know why I don’t know the
most normal adequate explanation
, they just pissed off, but here you  it doesn’t
seem that this series is about gray or the
opening, it will expand,
I don’t know, time will tell, the
armor of the forces of Ukraine has already occupied Svetogorsk,
well, well, well, something else  there are already
entering the Luhansk region again how it
turns out
look if you send a
small number of troops there such silence
kukri the Germans now grind from your
soldiers why they don’t send the whole army to the
lower housing, firstly I don’t know all
these how its subtleties which are there and what they
sent what they sent  how much before they send a
morbid there is a whale plans if I don’t know
it would this time will show you understand
it is difficult to judge now until
time shows when you are interested in something you
judge me
not even and now you’re saying it wrong I
judge by the moment that has already passed
that is, they don’t go there, but have already passed, so
I judge by them, but what will happen in the future, I
don’t know, you can say what will happen
tomorrow, I can’t say
tomorrow there will be Fedor for tomorrow Wednesday, but
there is something in your life  there will
change so they knew will change I will become one day
older
you will become one older but this is the
only thing that can happen I can’t
tell the sun you can reach the point with
accuracy  to say for sure that you
can walk down the street tomorrow a brick on
your head with an accuracy for sure no one
can say anything here the same
among a certain probability for example
let's say with a certain degree of
probability we can state that
tomorrow Russia will not be able to do anything
in the Kharkiv region will not be able to do anything  do
I can’t say I’m not sure I don’t know
how I know maybe that it will be
tomorrow and the day after tomorrow I myself worked in the
Ministry of Defense there instead of what
you did if anyone was the
Ministry of Defense what you did
to win this war and the onion to be lazy to
win  first of all, I would first of all
find out why go there this at the first
moment why if there was a danger
then accordingly I would act
tough they are because our base there is
engaged in chatter to
rave to rave about an accident and so on and so
forth if I reckon and you  went, then
we must already act tough without any
chatter there, talk about plans for the
future, go and d  to do and if not and was not
going to go then nothing so so
what is the goal of all this here is what should be
what should be the victory of russia in
ukraine what should it be
fixed should happen to
say about everything russia won and you didn’t
say anything we don’t say anything  in general, the
more I’ll say when everyone starts blinking in the
forest, stand up and speak frankly
because no one knew anything about it,
no one suspected anything here, [ __ ] yourself
and let’s go, I’ll let’s say I’m a
civilian, I’m not a military man,
how can I know what is there  and as I
just woke up on February 24, I found out that
Russian troops entered the territory of
Ukraine, a meat grinder began, that’s all,
look here, here’s what I’m saying
about a friend who summed me up, he’s them,
that’s how he told me about them they were
sent to the Kursk region  allegedly to the training ground,
and then just quickly without saying
anything to whom and where they threw
water supply into the territory of the squirrel before reaching the
piece
and then the food horn is not an automatic machine two
ka, that is, they even really charged the
sky and transfer it to the territory of Ukraine,
as he told about and then,
respectively, when everything had already reached the
point that they said that there would be a military
conflict with Ukraine and they threw it out, first we
carry it, then they threw it into the amount of sums, he
stood for a month, then the troops withdrew  On
March 29, now he came here like a
vacation for an hour for a month if unwillingness to
return
unwillingness to return not to
return so when I talked to him
when he came on vacation
he just came to visit us himself he
lives in this Nizhny Novgorod region
jeans on the city he said that  By the
way, he had to put pressure on the cleanups in
Mariupol for the sake of which he is ready to
go there to be banged for the sake of which,
parents, what is the purpose of this war in Ukraine,
that is, no, I can’t tell you
about it for the purposes of statehood, but
that’s when I  he talked to him when he
was here he said something that at least I
saw in Mariupol how these Ukrainians did as he
said  they spent [ __ ] money on
people, he meant the Azovites, and so
on, he was on cleansing these moves, that
is, it turns out that he was part of those
troops that bombed Mariupol, peaceful,
not a round of infantry entering the
city to clean up the city, yes, that is, but this is
part of the entire Russian troops  armies
that bombed mariupol that
destroyed mariupol yes that is people and
why only for some reason he didn’t drag him to say something
wrong again before this
fool came to ukraine why he is a fool well
double listen happy and happy and
hear they issue an order you saw to carry it out
military personnel a fool who
doesn’t even know the purpose of the operation a fool you
can’t go through for what for what he
dies for he’s still ready you already served in
orbits no that’s why the army with you
to the question why or the [ __ ] they
will tell you now they said you do that
is here  a month has already passed, the state of
non-citizens and
our mixture is more non-citizens
there is no one understands why why,
that is, they tell you about guides  they didn’t
bomb the city, these long
ones will inevitably turn out, I can say the
metro, listen, I can how I can’t
speak for all states, I can
speak specifically for myself and this reflects
my position as a whole custom from everything
that is happening now and in general if you come
to me  come home, let's say I live
in Krasnodar, I like it, I would come to
me, let's say the army of Ukraine to my
territory said there it would be our
land, I would go and cut them all of the dishes,
this is my opinion about the kind of everything
that happens, just look everything
works out, then this is your friend  so he saw
what Mariupol had turned into before
this blooming colorful city, and he
doesn’t even understand why this is, and
now they will continue to give him an order, he,
like a fool, will go to fulfill the order
at night, trump will or won’t it be a
big question, this is the second time no
one  he knows what to wash next,
he no longer has any doubts, he just has a
vacation until
October 15th, I can’t recall mine yet and
we know he has now gone on business  to repair the
house
okay okay thanks for the conversation come
on come on
we are at war we don’t know came in and we
smashed Mariupol to everyone there for what
for why
therefore the Russians who you
have relatives and who are sent to
this crazy war, then let go for what
no one no longer believes in this hole
there 11 catia de metallization there the Nazis
are already a NATO base of liquid nonsense apis
everyone understands that this is a personal Wishlist before
some kind of Putin and now he
crap himself and he cannot but cannot say
he crap and will  throw more and more
new meat so you have to deprive
Putin of new meat glory to ukraine no
after